---
title: The snakes poisoning our species
date: 2025-07-24
---

Ultimately when we associate ourselves with people it is since we have a goal in mind. We talk to people in our class who are good at a subject for help on hard coursework, ask strangers experienced in a field to troubleshoot things, et cetera. Friends are no exception, the goal is entertainment and companionship. I know this sounds like some pseudo-intellectual nonsense but bear with me please... Recently I've been doing some soulsearching with my social circle. I have (or had now that I'm writing this) some people who I would have said are pretty close friends of mine. Now I can't help but feel it was all fake. Now when I talk to these people it's all veiled in this insincerity. God help me, get the fuck off my back I'm not gonna help you fulfill your delusions of YouTube stardom or whatever nonsense you've got planned for me. 

People seem to forget these days that you don't have to be the same as them. We see this all the time; politics, art discourse, etc... wherever you look is the same polarization. People are criticized for saying things that people BELIEVE that other people will find offensive... people will criticize people for expressing themselves differently than the norm. There is pressure in our modern landscape to avoid being a "hater"... that is to say, you cannot express dissenting opinions about certain things, unless it's someone that people generally regard as an undesirable... then it's the opposite, you can't defend them or whatever they produce no matter the reason. 

And this is what's happened here! I delete Instagram because I never even used the damn thing and I don't want them having my data any longer and I get flamed for being an attention seeking hater. I talk about my opinion on ChatGPT and I'm talked down for being an attention seeking hater. How the fuck is hating a bad thing??? Our world was built off of consensus, finding the best decision forward from disparate opinions. What counts as hating nowadays is what we would have called a few decades ago "having an opinion" for fuck's sake. Only sunshine thoughts now apparently! I chime into a discussion about trans people (by the way, did I mention that literally everyone here at my school except a few are also complete hypocrites when it comes to this LGBTQ thing? Gay/lesbian people are fine are fine to most people here, they probably crank it to ALL the porn of them... I have observed a stunning addiction to lesbian porn by the men of this school... but the mere idea of transness is absolutely immoral) and I'm again flamed and strawmanned with the same old arguments that are blasted by social media influencers... trans people in sports, the bathrooms, the age of majority. It is now abundantly clear that there is no more morality in this world, no thinking, there is only rule-following. And no, those are not linked... not at all...

Anyway, this isn't the place to discuss my own particular political leanings. What I mean to talk about is the shallowness of today's people, of all ages, and the unmasking of the vast majority of our population as snakes who want nothing but to take from others to enrich themselves.

At the time I'm writing this (July 2025) the United States is having a row about Trump's retarded (you also can't say that nowadays) decisionmaking when it comes to domestic and foreign policy. Obviously people want him gone, I do more than anyone, but there is discourse in liberal circles of [ditching trans people](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2025/mar/06/gavin-newsom-trans-people-sports) (SORRY FOR NOT THINKING THAT I AM SOME IDEOLOGICAL CHESS PIECE BUT A PERSON, FOR ONE). Why do this? Well it gets voters, obviously. Most people seem to think that spooky scary trans people are taking over everything, from sports (there's [less than 10 out of 510,000](https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/msnbc-opinion/democrats-trans-rights-trump-republicans-pride-month-rcna210376) competing in NCAA sports rn btw...) to the restrooms. But think about this for what it really is. Liberals in today's America are no longer champions of human rights, all they want is to push through their lackluster economic legislation, and to win over swing voters without any improvements in strategy but rather pivoting to step on America's least-desired minority. We all know what dominoes are on the table with this.

Look at our economic system, and everyone else's. No matter what anybody says, ALL countries of the world have their economic systems structured in such a way that the people at the very top take everything. "Communist" states, parties??? HAHAHAHAHHAHAH! The CCP is notorious for kleptocracy, everyone in that rotten structure is just there to enrich themselves... North Korea (which some people have started defending now that Ayatollah Khamenei and Putin are cool again, thanks Israel) literally is structured around two things: that fatass's lavish diet and his nukes. Your so called developed, liberal states? No matter where you look, there is always someone spitting on the guy below him. Certainly some places are better than others. But the fact of the matter is that a man who heroically assassinated a man who [helped to end thousands of innocent lives for a profit motive](https://www.pnhp.org/excessdeaths/health-insurance-and-mortality-in-US-adults.pdf)is derided for upending this system.

There is no more Robin Hood. He would not have lived in this society, he would've just become another dropshipper to scam old elderly people or whatever the fuck is popular these days. I don't care, it's all the same spineless slop anyway. The only way we as a society can help the poor is government stipends, and lord knows the government does not care about those people, they just want the sympathy of the people who do care so they get reelected. And if those went away, nobody donates to charities... so there's nothing. People just don't care about their neighbors and they'd rather keep making more paper tokens to buy shit instead of redeeming their soul and to have a sound conscience. Step, step, step, step. I have accepted this fact. Enemies will approach from all directions and use you and dump you in the trash once they're done with you. There is no stopping this if things go on the way they do, and more people are catching this particular mind-virus. Even the so-called egalitarians, the utopians, and the socialists, are all pure capitalists of personage in disguise.

Humanity is rotten to its core. It is doomed.

[This post was written while listening to Ado - Kyougen]

